never found anyone like you
never found anyone who cares
never found anyone like you
never found anyone so scared
never found anyone like you
never found anyone so calm
never found anyone like you
never found anyone so fair

Chorus
---------------------
Oooo OOoo Oooo
Oooo OOoo Oooo
Oooo OOoo Oooo
Oooo OOoo Oooo

never found anyone like you
never found anyone who runs
never found anyone like you
never found anyone who hurts
never found anyone like you
never found anyone so real
never found anyone like you
never found anyone inside

Chorus
--------------------------
Take me home that's all
Wrap me up I'm done
Here I am so low
Here I am so low

never found anyone like you
never found anyone so soft
never found anyone like you
never found anyone so deep
never found anyone like you
never found anyone with hope
never found anyone like you
never found anyone with love

Chorus
--------------------------
Take me home that's all
Wrap me up I'm done
Here I am so low
Here I am so low
